hello to all of you today I
will show you how we do
wheel of a bike so to start you
lightning or hateful pompaire so that on
the pump rc for hen is done
get out there you have the bars
and normally it goes no further
a bike it goes up to 30 the wheel of a
bike then you have the tip slept
I hold it the wrong way you for
inflate the bike wheel you will not have
need only the big boom and then
is useless then you have the
crank behind who is tending you
will allow when you get it from
stay hooked to tab for not
that your end this tongue bar
so now is we going to move to the
convenient
so for a start you take the
tongue and you divide the cap of
plugs looks like that then you
take the tip and you put it on
the big end on the gold
the tongue and you hurry to put to
pull the level
now you can see that
more withdrawn while if I put the
manual at its starting point I can
do not care what I'm asking you
then I'm going to show so pulled to
take it like that and you 'll get off
and you do that until your or
be hard enough so
paul ney me here I am the tough ones but
it's because I had already inflated
before that not to make you wait very
a long time so normally you have to
do that at least fifty
times for them to inflate your so
then you hurry to remove the
the adapter the air pump for not
clear at all clear that you put
in the wheel escapes and put 8 your
easter plugs no longer look
seychelles and found him swollen hi
I hope you liked it